Write a linear programming that extract option chains of all the equities in the NYSE. Use optimization techniques to find trades that are in arbitrage.
Use common option trades that are used by option traders and implement machine learning technique to continuously improve and provide metric of improvement with sample trade with a theortical starting sum invested of 10,000 USD.
Use linear optimization, non-linear optimization, and other optimization techniques that are found in research papers to model option and their pricing
Write a backend with database, focus on speed, efficiency write it in python.
Areas that need clarification:
1. What are the common option trades that will be used by option traders?buy and sell puts and calls, pair-trading, trades between different time until expires, volitilty trades, volume trades, momentum trades, no sentiment analysis

2. What specific optimization techniques will be used to model option and their pricing?
Non-linear, linear, gaussian, nongaussian, parametric, non-parametric, quadratic.
3. What kind of database will be used for the backend?
lightweight, flexible 
4. What are the specific metrics that will be used to measure the improvement of the machine learning technique?
Maximize initial investment, minimize loss per trade, maximize profit increase, minimize time to profit, maximize time to loss
5. What kind of recommendations will be provided through the online platform?
which trades are the best or recommended by a weighting metric that is a confidence metric
1. Will the frontend be accessible to the public or only to specific users?
Public
2. What programming languages and frameworks will be used for the frontend?
lightweight, julia, python, c#, public programming languages free.
3. Will the online platform have any authentication or security measures in place?
basic, comply with all privacy laws
4. What specific information will be displayed on the frontend, in addition to the recommendations?
option chains, and specific option contracts that are recommended
5. Will the online platform have any interactive features, such as the ability to execute trades directly from the platform?
just navigate, and paper trade

write a frontend to access through an online platform with recommednations that updated every fifteen minutes
Complete the REPO, and upload to GITHUB with the credentials avaliable. 